Assignment--
Fall semester: Create a program that reads data from Plant Catalog and builds parallel arrays for the plant items, 
with each array containing the plant's full name, zone, light, and price, respectively. 
Availability will be ignored. include error handling for missing or invalid data.
After reading the data and building the arrays, display the plant items similar to the following:
common name (botanical name) - zone - light - price
At the bottom, display the total number of items in the catalog and the average price per item similar to:
0 items - $0.00 average price

Program description--
This program takes data from the Plant Catalog and displays each plant's common name, botanical name,
zone, light, and price. The items in the catalog are tallied up and the average price of the items in the
catalog is calculated.

Notes--
Input: plant catalog: https://www.w3schools.com/xml/plant_catalog.xml

Processing: the XML file will be opened and read. using a loop (for loop?), useful information will be isolated for each plant item (common name, botanical name, zone, light, price)- lines will be cleared of headers and end-of-line designators (ex: <PLANT> <COMMON> </COMMON>, all that will be stripped). an array will be built for each plant item; should look like this: [common name, botanical name, zone, light, price]. number of items will be calculated. average price will be calculated and rounded to 2 decimal places.

Output: plant items will be displayed as: common name (botanical name) - zone - light - price. display total number of items (should be 36). 
display average price as $x.yz (should be $6.37)

Main program
    if file exists:
        process file
        display file
        calculate total number of plant items
        calculate average price
        display number of items
        display average price
    else:
        print "File does not exist"
        
Process file
    Parameters: 
        plant catalog file
    Process:
        
            


